# + Yann BouteillerI am a dual degree M.Sc. student at Polytechnique Montréal (Canada) from École des Mines de Saint-Étienne (France). I am specializing in Machine Learning and Operational Research at Polytechnique Montréal, and more specifically in Deep Neural Networks at Mila. My previous course at École des Mines de Saint-Étienne is a high engineering degree specialized in Computer Science, Embedded Systems and Microelectronics. I have therefore an expert end-to-end knowledge of Applied Mathematics and Computer Science ranging from a very low to a very high level perpspective. I have graduated from Montpellier University (France) in Mathematics and Computer Science in 2016. I am also a linguistics enthusiast and have been teaching Modern French Language in Leicester (United Kingdom) before that. My current research interests are Deep Learning, Model Parallelism, and Swarm Robotics.## + Other experiencesI have been inventing and prototyping an energy harvesting device to power an autonomous red tunas tracking system for the Laboratory of IT, Robotics and Microelectronics of Montpellier (LIRMM - Montpellier, France). This included research about state-of-art energy harvesting technologies, intensive use of Inventor Professional, Autodesk CFD, and a large amount of microelectronic prototyping.I have developed a high-performance magnetic levitation device for the Bio-Robotics lab of the Institute of Movement Sciences (Marseille, France). This included a large amount of electromagnetism and Arduino prototyping.I have also been teaching in several situations : I have been a Modern French Language assistant teacher for British A-Level students, I have helped and occasionally teached classes in Computer programming for student-engineers at École des Mines de Saint-Étienne, and I have been teaching an introductory IT course for the seniors.## + Current ProjectsI am exploring the potentialities of Machine Learning in partially or fully distributed settings. I currently focus on Model Parallelism, Transfer Learning, Recurrent Neural Networks and Deep Reinforcement Learning.## + Contact Information and Links- Contact me by email : ** yann{dot}bouteiller{at}polymtl{dot}ca **- Or find me on [LinkedIn][1][1]:https://www.linkedin.com/in/yann-bouteiller-46a18212b/